Docs 5646 improve navigability of policies section pa (#140)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/policies-policy-categories.adoc

= Policy Categories
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: policy, custom, ootb, offline

> Policies are categorized by the funtion they perform. For example, becuase you are able to resolve issues with the help of logs, the Message Logging policy is categorized as a Troubleshooting policy. The following table lists the Default policy name, its category and the function that it performs. +

Reviewer: typo in "becuase"

Author: FIxed! Thanks!

> You can apply only one policy of each category at a given time.

Reviewer: This is not true actually, @balbifm could you confirm? what are the policies that can't be applied together, if there are any in Mule 4?

Reviewer 2: No, it is not the category, it is the providedCharacteristics the one preventing from applying multiple policies with same value. It is shown as Fullfills in the UI

Author: So how does the providedCharacteristic translate for the customer? On what basis can you apply or not apply multiple policies? Not clear! Thanks!

Reviewer 2: only one policy with a particular providedCharacteristics can be applied at the same time in an API

Author: Done! Thanks!

[%header,cols="40a,15a,60a"]
|===
| Policy | Category | Function
| Basic Authentication - LDAP | Security | Authenticates the LDAP credentials.
| Basic Authentication - Simple | Security | Authenticates single user password.

> | Client ID Enforcement | Compliance | Allows access to client applications with a valid Client ID.

Reviewer: I would say "with valid client credentials" because you can validate client id AND client secret, or only the client id if the policy is configured with secret as optional

Author: Done! Thanks!

| CORS | Compliance | Enables calls executed in a web page to interact with resources from non-origin domains.
| Header Injection | Transformation | Adds headers to the request or response message of a policy.
| Header Removal | Transformation | Removes headers from the request or response message of a policy.
| HTTP Caching | Quality of Service | Stores HTTP responses from an API implementation.
| IP Blacklist | Security | Blocks a range of IP addresses.

> | IP Whitelist | Security | Allows acces from only from a lpre-approved range of IP addresses.

Reviewer: typo on "lpre-approved"

Author: Done! Thanks!

| JSON Threat Protection | Security | Protects against malicious JSON structure in API requests.
| Message Logging | Troubleshooting | Logs a custom message when an API is invoked.

> | OAuth 2.0 Access Token Enforcement Using External Provider Policy | Security | OAuth 2.0 protected

Reviewer: The policy was renamed in Mule 4 to "OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement using Mule OAuth provider Policy"

Author: Done! Thanks!

| OpenAM Access Token Enforcement | Security | Restricts access to a protected resource using an Opem AM authentication server.

> | PingFederate Access Token Enforcement | Restricts access to a protected resource using PingFederate authentication.

Reviewer: The Security category is missing

Reviewer: "Ping Federate authentication" replace with "PingFederate authentication server"

Author: @evangelina what do you mean by Security category is missing?

Author: Got it! Great catch! Fixed!

= Policy Categories
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: policy, custom, ootb, offline

> Policies are categorized by the function they perform. For example, because you are able to resolve issues with the help of logs, the Message Logging policy is categorized as a troubleshooting policy. The following table lists the Default policy name, its category and the function that it performs. +

Reviewer 3: The final sentence refers to the default policy, but what about custom policies? Clarify which type of policies this topic includes.
```suggestion
Policies are categorized by the function they perform: compliance, quality of service, security, transformation, and troubleshooting. 

For example, because you are able to resolve issues with the help of logs, the Message Logging policy is categorized as a troubleshooting policy. 

The following table lists the name of the default policy, its category, and the function that it performs. +
```
BUT I suggest that the table be reorganized and introduced this way:
"The following table is organized by policy category, providing the names and functions of each policy within that category."

Author: Done! Thanks!

> You can apply only one policy with a particular `providedCharacteristics` at a given time in an API.

Reviewer 3: This does not seem to apply to the listing and categorizing of policies but more with the application and use of them. Please move to the appropriate location, one in which the audience is configuring policies.

Author: Done! Thanks!

//Fede--what would 'providedCharacteristics' translate to for the customer?. I mean they need to understand what I'm talking about here right?

> 

Reviewer 3: I wonder if it would be more useful to the audience to have this table split into sections for each category of policy, rather than organized by policy names alphabetically.

Author: Great point! Organized by category. Done! Thanks!

[%header,cols="40a,15a,60a"]
|===
| Policy | Category | Function
| Basic Authentication - LDAP | Security | Authenticates the LDAP credentials.

> | Basic Authentication - Simple | Security | Authenticates single user password.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Basic Authentication - Simple | Security | Authenticates a single user password.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | Client ID Enforcement | Compliance | Allows access to client applications with a valid client credentials.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Client ID Enforcement | Compliance | Allows access to client applications with valid client credentials.
```

Author: It was correct in my version. Done! Thanks!

> | CORS | Compliance | Enables calls executed in a web page to interact with resources from non-origin domains.

Reviewer 3: Will the audience know what a "non-origin domain" is?

Reviewer: it could be "with resources from different domains"

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Header Injection | Transformation | Adds headers to the request or response message of a policy.
| Header Removal | Transformation | Removes headers from the request or response message of a policy.
| HTTP Caching | Quality of Service | Stores HTTP responses from an API implementation.
| IP Blacklist | Security | Blocks a range of IP addresses.

> | IP Whitelist | Security | Allows access from only from a pre-approved range of IP addresses.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| IP Whitelist | Security | Allows access to only a preapproved range of IP addresses.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | JSON Threat Protection | Security | Protects against malicious JSON structure in API requests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| JSON Threat Protection | Security | Protects against a malicious JSON structure in API requests.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Message Logging | Troubleshooting | Logs a custom message when an API is invoked.

> | OAuth 2.0 Access Token Enforcement Using Mule OAuth provider Policy | Security | OAuth 2.0 protected

Reviewer 3: Is that long string really the policy name? If so, Provider should be capitalized.
Also, the final string does not specify a function?
```suggestion
| OAuth 2.0 Access Token Enforcement Using Mule OAuth provider Policy | Security | OAuth 2.0 protected
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| OpenAM Access Token Enforcement | Security | Restricts access to a protected resource using an Open AM authentication server.

> | PingFederate Access Token Enforcement | Security | Restricts access to a protected resource using PingFederate authentication server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| PingFederate Access Token Enforcement | Security | Restricts access to a protected resource using the PingFederate authentication server.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | Rate Limiting | Quality of Service |  Enables imposing a limit on the number of requests that an API can accept within a time window.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Rate Limiting | Quality of Service |  Enables imposing a limit on the number of requests that an API can accept within a specified time.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Rate Limiting, SLA-Based | Quality of Service | Enables imposing an API request limit based on SLA tiers.
| Spike Control | Quality of Service | Controls API traffic.
| XML Threat Protection | Security | Protects against malicious XML elements in API requests.

> | Tokenization | Security | Transforms sensitive data into non-sensitive equivalent tokens.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Tokenization | Security | Transforms sensitive data into nonsensitive equivalent tokens.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Detokenization | Security | Transforms a tokenized value back to the original data.

> | JWT | Security | Validates a JWT Token.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| JWT | Security | Validates a JWT token.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| JSON Threat Protection | Security | Protects against malicious JSON structure in API requests.
| Message Logging | Troubleshooting | Logs a custom message when an API is invoked.
| OAuth 2.0 Access Token Enforcement Using Mule OAuth provider Policy | Security | OAuth 2.0 protected
| OpenAM Access Token Enforcement | Security | Restricts access to a protected resource using an Open AM authentication server.
| PingFederate Access Token Enforcement | Security | Restricts access to a protected resource using PingFederate authentication server.
| Rate Limiting | Quality of Service |  Enables imposing a limit on the number of requests that an API can accept within a time window.
| Rate Limiting, SLA-Based | Quality of Service | Enables imposing an API request limit based on SLA tiers.
| Spike Control | Quality of Service | Controls API traffic.
| XML Threat Protection | Security | Protects against malicious XML elements in API requests.
| Tokenization | Security | Transforms sensitive data into non-sensitive equivalent tokens.
| Detokenization | Security | Transforms a tokenized value back to the original data.
| JWT | Security | Validates a JWT Token.
|===

> // The security category is missing--Eva?

Reviewer: This was solved, you were missing the category on the Ping Federate policy

Author: Done! Thanks!

== See Also

> * xref:prepare-raml-task.adoc[Reviewing Traits & policies concepts of RAML based APIs]

Reviewer: Not sure whether we should have this one here, probably a link to the list of default policies landing page  (if we have one)

Author: Done! Thanks!
